Character Noah played by nebula_z on Discord. Userid 415287768046895104
Character Nina Tailor played by alexectic on Discord. Userid 894341565051453481
Character CARR-5928 played by cmd.g.simus on Discord. Userid 1074634870359326730
------------------------------
Noah: I never thought I’d come back here so soon.
I look straight up at the ceiling, my hands resting in my lap as the shuttle subtly rumbles. I had to leave my kid behind just to keep Carr from blowing up half the city in a paranoia-induced assault on some unknown creature.
Whatever it is, I’m sure that tagging along will at least keep our own ally from blowing a city block up over nothing. That is, assuming it is nothing. Carr had a streak of taking extreme measures over small problems, but I can’t entirely doubt he has reason to be concerned.
I don’t think about the equipment off to the side. An assortment of machines and such that he believed we may need as containment measures. The last thing we want is to spook a potentially dangerous creature.
The shuttle stops, the door opens, and gives away into darkness and artificial light. It’s late, but Carr said the thing would only creep around at night. Go figure- hunting a monster in the dead of night in the middle of October.
Couldn’t hope for a better time.
With a sigh, I stand upright and stretch briefly. It helps ease a bit of the tension, but it lingers. Stepping outside, glancing around the stadium used for Isle transport, I wait for Carr to show up. Nothing but waiting to do now.
------------------------------
Nina Tailor: Nina's faint but not silent movements were covered by the loud shuttle. Her joints squeaked as she wormed her way through heavy cargo boxes in the small space she had, while trying to keep her cover to not be spotted by Noah. She kept her patience inside the cramp area, which was a first for her. 
As the shuttle came to a stop, she peaked her head from behind the boxes to take a peak. Her solver was useless on the isle, so she couldn't look a different way. The cold night was comforting with the heat of her core.
------------------------------
CARR-5928: Among the assortment of loose devices and equipment were unmarked steel crates stacked to the ceiling, most of them completely sealed with weld marks, which was peculiar, how did he plan on opening them? The most... bizarre, of the items was about half a dozen spare bodies for CARR, all powered down and facing each other in two rows at the far end of the shuttle. Had he convinced Prometheus to produce more CARRs on mass? That would be a topic for another time as the shuttle came to a stop and rattled Noah back to full awareness.
As soon as the door opened, CARR was there. He had these things down to a formula, surely. "Greetings Noah, it is good to see you, even if these are not the greatest of circumstances." His eye was, notably, a sickly green that certainly didn't appear flattering. "Let us get right into the briefing. Please follow me-" He got a ping on his motion sensor, stopping in his tracks. It wasn't Noah. There was a stowaway. "- Stay still." His vocalizer dropped in tone like a rock to the bottom of a lake. His top half spun around, and he pointed to the boxes near his bodies, right at a dark spot where the hims had stacked a couple of boxes weirdly, just enough space for someone to lay in on their side perhaps. "There." In unison, all seven CARR units activated, and turned to stare at Nina with a collective groan of their factory fresh servos, bathing her hiding spot in a horrifying red light from their collective eyes. The drastic, sheer change in lighting might've been enough to blind the interloper, had they been biological.
"NINA TAILOR. EXIT THE SHUTTLE IMMEDIEATELY." each of the CARRs boomed in unison. Surely, this was a nightmare made manifest to the W.D. Probably even uncanny to Noah.
"How did she get on there. Did you see her? How-" The main CARR looked down at Noah, before turning towards the shuttle again. "-nevermind. I will consult Prometheus later. Please standby for Ms. Tailor." That sounded like code for 'Im going to snitch to Prometheus till he gets mad by proxy', which would likely be easy as pie.
------------------------------
Noah: The first thing that jumps out at me is the color of CARRs eye. Why is it green now? The sickly hue almost serves as a disturbing reminder of the zombie-like infection festering outside. It’s not his fault, I almost choose to blame Prometheus for this- that makes this the first time ever that green is a less comforting color than blood red.
“Good to see you too,” I reply, returning his greeting in kind.
I open my mouth to debrief as we go, before the CARR unit stops itself. Is it distracted by something?
It turns back, and my fight-or-flight nearly kicks in. It’s not focused on me, it’s the shuttle. I turn back when I realize what’s amiss, and clench my hands into fists. They light up with a fiery orange before I even realize it, ready to fight off a potential threat, when…
Nina…?
I look back and forth between CARR and the shuttle. Did I hear that right? Nina, the worker drone? Did she follow us? CARR’s sensors can be wrong, can they?
The robot accosts me with a series of answers I don’t have the answer to. They hit me hard and fast, I’m too busy waiting for something to show itself before I start belting out retorts.
“No, I didn’t- how would she even- what?”
------------------------------
Nina Tailor: Nina would've pissed herself if she could. The pure fear of being put on standby by a guy, let alone 7 clones of the same guy, that could crush your body in seconds was pretty overwhelming. She peaked over the boxes once again, and the red light messed with her vision, even as a drone. Her eyes went from the 7 factory ready bodies, to the original CARR, then to Noah. 
"..Hiiiii. I was so invited, right?" 
She was sweating nuclear missiles at this point. She stepped out from the boxes, almost drunkenly, and whispered under her breath. "Please don't kill me."
------------------------------
CARR-5928: The extra bodies followed her out, before standing in the way back onto the shuttle. The green eyed CARR took a moment, composing something in his tin brain. How could something SO SIMPLE in concept go so wrong? Had she no idea about the lockdown? Now he had something to really be annoyed about. He looked to the spare bodies for a moment, sending them to unload the shuttle, mostly to ensure that she was alone and there were no other gross breaches in security, before turning back down to her.
"You are aware that the only way of going back to the Isle is that shuttle, and that if Noah comes into contact with a person who has been in contact with the Infested he will not be permitted back onto the Isle, and that this will likely force his daughter to remain there without him or come to the city and put herself at risk, correct?" He said it so plainly, staring down at Nina, soft green beam of light off his eye illuminating her. His tone did not betray the irritation he truly held in his metal heart, nor the anger that almost sizzled in his central chassis, nearly hot enough to light his flare storage ablaze. "You also realize that if you endanger his daughter that not even Prometheus would be able to stop him?" 
The concept of him killing her, that saddened him. Was he truly that intimidating? "I will not... kill you?" Beyond it all, he was mostly bewildered by the gall of this small, small woman. He might not kill her, but smacking her silly was not entirely off the table yet. He pondered for the duration of Noah berating her, before he put his hand on Noah's shoulder to calm him down a little in a gentle patting motion, taking it off after a second. "We cannot leave her here. She will come with us." This was likely to the shock of both of them.
------------------------------
Nina Tailor: Nina kept her mouth shut, which was probably the best option. She nodded to his berating, trying to not buckle under the intimidating weight of CARR's words. As he finished his speech, she quickly sputtered out "I understand." fast enough that it was hardly legible. She sat down on the ground, almost busting her ass doing so. She just stared off into space.
------------------------------
Noah: I’m flabbergasted- I’m with CARR on this one. Sneaking onto the ship to get off the Isle was not only a breach in security, but also dangerous. Her being here can compromise the whole mission. I have half a mind to say something, but CARR takes the words out of my mouth.
I consider stepping in, saying something to break up the machines droning lambasting. Until CARR says something that stupefies me- he’s not threatening to hurt her, or lock her up. He’s bringing her with us.
“I’m sorry, she’s coming with us?” I furrow my brows, my tone less sarcastic and more genuinely unsure than the old me would have preferred. Won’t she just make our job more difficult?
I let out a deep sigh. No point arguing. But I approach her with the intent of setting some ground rules, kneeling down beside the drone. Even on my knees, I still tower over her. Who knew someone so small could be such a pain in my ass.
“Alright, Nina. You can come with us, but I need you to listen, okay?” I use the same tone I would with someone else’s kid- stern but understanding. At this point, she’s on the same level as one with this show of reckless irresponsibility. “Don’t stray too far from us no matter what, and listen to every word we say. And when we find the creature, don’t get in the way, alright? This is important stuff we’re doing.”
------------------------------
CARR-5928: "Of course she is coming with us. Leaving her here would potentially attract other Civilian attention despite the late time, which could compromise her status of no possible infectivity. I can account for two people better than i can account for an entire cities worth if they are right next to me. I am not thrilled about it either Noah." His bland tone could've fooled either of them. Once the shuttle was unloaded, it took off, and the auxilliary CARRs trotted off in the opposite direction that the group was going, the many boxes contents clanking as they were moved to the F.O.B. "Don't scold her too hard Noah, Prometheus will receive intimate information of this infraction after we finish with the operation and i believe he would be better suited to delivering a punishment than you are." A rather cold remark, but it was CARR. Perhaps he simply did not realize it.
His torso returned to its proper rotation, and he began marching forward, motioning for both of them to follow with his right as he brought a rather thick tablet out to read from with his left. "As i am sure you noticed, my eye is green. This is because it is not my regular eye." Shocking information. "This eye has an installed scanner with a higher power draws than my regular one, and would wear out my body's generator faster, but is more effective for this task. The green is merely a byproduct of the used-" He stopped himself from explaining further, and avoided falling into the trap most CARRs fell into. "- it is like i am trying out new glasses, is the closest approximation." He did not want to bore Noah, though if it were up to him he would have Nina sit through one of his lectures on his new eye as punishment.
"It will allow me to locate the targets tracks and highlight them to make it more easy for you, and her, to follow without the need for a heads up display." As if presenting something for a demonstration, he paused, and pointed at the ground with his free hand, returning the tablet to its spot at his side. True enough, an almost perfectly circular mark on the concrete was illuminated by a faint, but brighter green grid where he looked. "The target is so soft on its feet that the only proper method of tracking it is the residue from its staff. It is a formerly completely unknown metal alloy, and i am quite excited to find more of it." He did not pause for long before continuing. Obviously, he wanted to minimize the amount of time this took as to minimize the chance of Noah being Infected.
------------------------------
Noah: Scolding wasn’t my intent; my words were a warning. I stand upright and head back toward CARRs direction. The explanation behind his sickly green hued eye doesn’t do it any favors, but it justifies it at least. As he finishes, I motion for Nina to follow- it’s the last exchange I hope to have with her tonight.
“So the target doesn’t leave footprints, but its weapon does? Must be pretty nimble, fairly light, or maybe it floats. Maybe a mix of all three even.”
I glance at the marks highlighted by CARRs new scanners. These will definitely help track it, but I can’t help but worry. Finding it isn’t the problem, it’s wondering what will happen once we do. Will we have to fight it? Hopefully not. CARR hasn’t been attacked yet, and apparently nobody else has been, but I can’t count out the possibility just yet. I take a deep breath and stick close to the machine- straying is a bad idea.
------------------------------
Nina Tailor: Nina mumbled "I'm sorry." to Noah, more out of fear then anything. She didn't know what would come out of sneaking into the shuttle, but it wasn't this.
"Alright. I get it. Just... Just don't hurt me."
Listening to CARR's explanation was the mind-numbing thing she needed right now. Time to think really. "Why in the fuck did I do this?" She thought, holding her breath if she could. His monologuing ended faster then she would've liked.
